Add readme (#21)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-dtm: README.md

# nRF Connect Direct Test Mode

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/NordicSemiconductor/Wayland/_apis/build/status/pc-nrfconnect-dtm?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/NordicSemiconductor/Wayland/_build/latest?definitionId=19&branchName=master)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Modified%20BSD%20License-blue.svg)](LICENSE)

> *nRF Connect Direct Test Mode* is a cross-platform tool that lets you perform RF PHY testing of Bluetooth Low Energy devices with the Bluetooth specified Direct Test Mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*nRF Connect Direct Test Mode* lets you perform RF PHY testing of Bluetooth Low Energy devices with the Bluetooth specified Direct Test Mode. See the [Bluetooth Core specification](https://www.bluetooth.com/specifications/bluetooth-core-specification/) (volume 6, part F) for more information on the Direct Test Mode specification.
```
